Gov transfers - Snapshots, Checkpoints, PULP and other missing ACs (#1790)
vegaprotocol/specs: protocol/0028-GOVE-governance.md

##### Protocol Upgrade

- Transfer proposals in either a pre or post enactment state are restored after a protocol upgrade (<a name="0028-GOVE-102" href="#0028-GOVE-102">0028-GOVE-102</a>)
- Recurring transfers proposed before an upgrade which start before, during or after an upgrade should complete on the proposed end epoch (<a name="0028-GOVE-130" href="#0028-GOVE-130">0028-GOVE-130</a>)
- One off delivery transfers proposed before an upgrade which are due to start during or after an upgrade should complete either when the network is available again or at the proposed delivery date/time (<a name="0028-GOVE-131" href="#0028-GOVE-131">0028-GOVE-131</a>)

##### Checkpoints and Snapshots

- Active or dormant governance transfer (one-off or recurring) must be included in checkpoint and where the network is down during the proposed delivery time, the transfer will occur as soon as the network is available. For recurring transfers the transfers spanning the restore will continue until the end epoch. (<a name="0028-GOVE-103" href="#0028-GOVE-103">0028-GOVE-103</a>)

> - Active or dormant governance transfer (one-off or recurring) must be included snapshots and datanodes which join the network will support retrieval of the transfer data (<a name="0028-GOVE-133" href="#0028-GOVE-133">0028-GOVE-133</a>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Active or dormant governance transfer (one-off or recurring) must be included in snapshots and data nodes which join the network will support retrieval of the transfer data (<a name="0028-GOVE-133" href="#0028-GOVE-133">0028-GOVE-133</a>)
```

##### Checkpoints and Snapshots

- Active or dormant governance transfer (one-off or recurring) must be included in checkpoint and where the network is down during the proposed delivery time, the transfer will occur as soon as the network is available. For recurring transfers the transfers spanning the restore will continue until the end epoch. (<a name="0028-GOVE-103" href="#0028-GOVE-103">0028-GOVE-103</a>)

> - Active or dormant governance transfer (one-off or recurring) must be included snapshots and datanodes which join the network will support retrieval of the transfer data (<a name="0028-GOVE-133" href="#0028-GOVE-133">0028-GOVE-133</a>)

Reviewer 2: must be included **in**
